https://codepen.io/CALLMICH/pen/NWPBbEX

<!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    It is standarized HTML used to convey meaning when read by delevopers or systems. 

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    It is used to structure (build) a webpage.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes are names given to elements in order to group or isolate them (in the cases of classes and ids). They are placed within the <>s and after the elemnt.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    It is used as the most important header. This is the most important info for the page. It should only be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    id and class require attributes

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    I would put the h1 and Navigation in the header

    7. What is an id?
    A way to select a specific item in the HTML code rather than a group or catergory

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    You can add them to any single element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    It can only be used once - otherwise it should be a class

    10. What is a class?
    A way to select multiple elements on a page.

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    A class can be added to any element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    As many times as needed.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Setting the target attribute to "_blank" in an anchor will open a new tab.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
    It gives alternate text to be shown if an image is unable to come up on a screen.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    With a # before the id name

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is semantic html conveying the grouped info goes togther while a div does not convey any meaning but can be used for css

    17. What is CSS used for?
    Adding style to the html

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    by starting the css line with the element. In this case it would be 
        h2 {

        }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class is used to group many items together to style (if you need to change the font size for a specfic group of sections on a page but not all of them)
    id is used when you need to style a specific element (just a single section nededs a different font size)

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    with a . before the class name

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    A way to select the elements in a code that are decendants of an inital element. It is useful when you need to be specific without needing to add classes.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div .sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a selector that interacts with a state- in the case of :hover it will select when the item is hovered over.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing property

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform property

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: dotted black;
    border-width: 1px;

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    Using the wildcard * will select everything on the page.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* text */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm will remove a file but not add any "are you sure" messages or place it in the trash

    34. Why should I use version control?
    It allows you to go back to previous versions if needed and have multiple people work on something at once.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    About every 20 minutes (or if a big change is made)

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push origin Michael-Callahan

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
        1. Fork
        2. check to make sure fork occured
        3. Change colaborator to TL
        4. Clone
        5. cd into the repo you want the clone to go
        6. use comand git clone "web address"
        7. cd into new repo
        8. branch 
        9. make changes - do the things - code
        10. add
        11. commit
        12. push to my own github repo(via question 36)
        13. submit a pull request



Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 